docs: Coding conventions and documentation management (#20)
EducationNetworkGroup/si-docs: docs/04-project-management/01-coding-conventions/04-pull-requests.md

## Step-by-Step GitHub Process
If you're new to code review on GitHub, follow these steps:

1. **Create a Feature Branch:** Never push directly to the `main` branch. Create a new branch for your work (See [Branching](../01-coding-conventions/02-branching.md) for how to name your branch).
2. **Make Your Changes & Commit:** Work on your task and commit your code to your branch.
3. **Push and Create a Pull Request (PR):** Push your branch to GitHub and go to the "Pull Requests" tab to create a new PR. Target the `main` branch.
4. **Fill out the PR Template:** We have a PR template. Describe what you did.
5. **Request Reviewers:** Assign one or more team members as reviewers. This is how you officially ask for a code review (See [Code Review](../01-coding-conventions/05-code-reviews.md) for steps to review codes).
6. **Address Feedback:** Reviewers will leave comments. Discuss, make any requested changes, and push new commits to your branch. The PR will update automatically.
7. **Merge:** Once approved, you (or a teamate) can merge the PR into `main`. Delete the feature branch after a successful merge (unless you intend to continue working on it).

## Pull Request Requirements

> All pull request ithin the project mush adhere to the following requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All pull requests within the project must adhere to the following requirements:
```

Author: Fixed

Reviewer: Still need to update `request ithin`
